Actually, how old are you?
You are 6 years old
Six.
We were divorced for 7 years
His child is 6 years old
Not my child, Di
Mom and Dad, oops.
Turns out he's a kid named Mai and Shaw
Look at this translation from yesterday
There should be no doubt about Xiao Di's background
I taught Xiao Di
He is 6 years old.
As long as there is this sentence
There's no doubt about that.
Mom
I did this uncle a favor yesterday
How did you help him?
The uncle feeds him
So I gave him a little rub.
Mom, this uncle is alone in the hospital
It's not like I have you and little dad with me
It's so pitiful to be alone in the hospital
Brother Xiaoyu, take a look at Xiaodi
I'm going to get some hot water
Are you a family member of the patient?